Oh yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. The E. The E.
So, there's no fourth?
Ohhh...
The G A F to the O.
It's like a...
B 7 @ 6
With the E on the bottom. Bottom.
E major is a nice like key also.
Yeah, E major is pretty like, pretty like
It's like a different type of like bliss. It's just kind of like...
I actually think it's... that burn.
I think I have.
My friend had a copy of it. It was like like a PDF of it.
It's like back then they would like assign emotions to keys.
And so they would choose keys for pieces.
I don't know. I'd have to see the... Yeah.
But like the famous ones like C minor is like tragic and like...
Or no heroic.
No, E flat major is heroic.
anyways let's... yeah.
Yeah, basically. It was very systematic back then.
Yeah.
Oh...
Yeah, you can always explain scales and keys in different
ways, so...
Oh, me too, don't worry. I forgot it.
I mean in simple terms it would be like, if there was a
C Major Chord we all know like just white keys.
A certain melody.
The main note would be the D.
And that would be the mode is on like, the second mode like it.
Did you change the note?
I don't know. I'm not at that. I haven't learned that at school yet.
Yeah.
So, Yeah, so D.
It's kind of like a vague thing, but
Once you like base that into like your harmonies, that becomes like real like music theory.
But the concept itself is a little weird cuz like
Just use choose a note and you start from the note.
Yeah.
So, like D. D.
Dory la la la la la
Dorian is 2.
No, but but I thought Dorian would make...
Since D is the second in, in C major.
Whatever! No, we're just going crazy. We're just going crazy.
No nos, no nos, no nos.
The names are so...
The names are so random too. I just, there's no way of remembering them.
It's true.
Exactly. It's just too much.
yeah and it's also like like branch off from that it's just too much.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's so instinctual.
New.